Introduce changelog process (#61)
babylonlabs-io/babylon: CONTRIBUTING.md

If you open a PR in Babylon, it is mandatory to update the relevant
documentation in `/docs`.

### Updating Changelog

> Any pr which is merged to `main` and affects consumers of the codebase,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any PR which is merged to `main` and affects consumers of the codebase,
```

must modify changelog [file](./CHANGELOG.md) accordingly, by adding new entry
in `Unreleased` section of the changelog.

Examples of changes which require change log update:

> - bug fix
> - adding new api
> - adding new feature

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- bug fixes
- adding new APIs
- adding new features
```

> Examples of changed that do not require changelog updates:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Examples of changes that do not require changelog updates:
```

- refactoring of internal implementation
- adding new tests
- modifying documentation

> The rule of thumb here it that changelog should be updated whenever change is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The rule of thumb here is that the changelog should be updated as long as the is
```

> visible by external user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
visible by external users.
```
